we were young we had maybe ten
years it was a little rebellious
appointed well to make small fires of
camp in the evening do 2-3 grills and then
grade and a little bit it's and it was
moments of pleasure and then I
guard it
I made them a little song to my
girls we feel that I like a lot
a little
but well yeah and had ordered by
mosquitoes
strangely I do not know I do not understand
kind to 10 boss mam is dubbed as
that I've never been anthony surprises anymore
even in my bird post a little to my
account I work for me
I can do with horses
that I am offered and then
there are advantages and
cons
not him
we
we are very much part of it
do not go back for a few days
so
I'm lucky to have a wife
who understands that
Ah yes
beware little bit of bone yes
so
past coach I think that must be the
to do young if we want to do it and
here I am almost thirty years old so if I
could still use a good ten
of years thoroughly like that and learn the
will aim but I think I
I will settle
future job I think precisely before
of the guitar is that kind of thing to
what I think and I still have not found
answer
and knowing quickly realize the
great guitarist